index.md, before:

---
layout: home
title: Creativity and Robotics
subtitle: at ICSR 2020
---

# Overview
Creativity is now emerging at the front line of research in the
interdisciplinary field of Social Robotics. There are many
important lines of investigation within creativity and robotics.
Some include designing and developing robots that can integrate and
facilitate creativity in humans, solve problems creatively, provide
"out of the box" ideas, act curiously, and extend the human
potential by achieving tasks that neither the robot nor the human
could do alone. 

This workshop aims to bring together these lines of investigation
and debate existing challenges under the research topic of
Creativity and Robotics. The 1st Creativity and Robotics workshop
will be a virtual workshop at ICSR 2020. Our goal is to explore the
creative potential a robot offers as well as
whether society will engage with such robots.

This workshop is endorsed by Frontiers via a new research topic on
"[Creativity and
Robotics](https://www.frontiersin.org/research-topics/14181/creativity-and-robotics}{``Creativity)" in Frontiers in Robotics and AI Journal launched by
the organizers of this proposed workshop.

<hr> 


# Program 

The workshop will employ a variety of interactive tools such as
breakout rooms, word clouds, and polls to learn from our audience
on common themes, help our speakers better tailor their talks, and
generally enhance the experience for our audience.

We expect this workshop will benefit researchers by providing new networking
opportunities and, through our Frontiers research topic, fostering continued
research in this field.  The output of the workshop will be a short summary
paper containing the speakers' and audience's challenges for the future,
burning research questions and other remarks collected throughout.

<hr>

# Keynote 

We are excited to announce that **Professor Todd Lubart** will be our keynote
speaker for the workshop.

## "The 7Cs of Creativity for Humans and Robots" 

Creativity from a psychological perspective refers to the ability to generate
new, original ideas that have meaning and value in their context.  Research
during the past century will be overview based on the 7Cs conception:  Creators
(individual characteristics), Creating (the process) , Collaboration (dyads or
teams), Context, Creations (productions), Consumption (adoption of creative
ideas), and Curricula ( learning to be creative).  In the context of the 7Cs,
the interest of social robots for creativity is then explored. 

**Todd Lubart** is Professor at the Université de Paris  (formerly Paris Descartes)
where he directed the activity of the Laboratoire Adaptations Travail Individu
(LATI). He is the president of [ISSCI](https://issci.online/), a non-profit,
international society for the scientific study of creativity and innovation,
He earned his PhD from Yale University in 1994 under the supervision of Robert
Sternberg and soon after that moved to the University of Paris Descartes where
he became an Assistant Professor in 1995 and then Professor of Psychology in 2002. 

He was a member of the Institut Universitaire de France (2005-2010). His work
on creativity is extensive and includes approximately 200 publications,
articles, books and book chapters covering various aspects of the phenomenon:
creative process, individual differences, role of cognition and emotion,
environmental and cultural factors, etc. His current work develops a
multivariate approach to creativity.

<!--
{% for p in site.data.speakers %}
{% capture id %}{{ p[0] }}{% endcapture %} {% include profile.html p=p %}
{% endfor %}
-->

# Organizers

<div class="container" style=
"margin-top: 25px;margin-bottom: 40px;">
  <div class="row">
    {% for p in site.data.organizers %} {% capture id %}{{ p[0]
    }}{% endcapture %} {% include profile.html p=p %} {% endfor %}
  </div>
</div>

<hr>

Commit message:

Updated notifications and video deadline and commented zoom registration request

index.md, after:

---
layout: home
title: Creativity and Robotics
subtitle: at ICSR 2020
---

# Overview
Creativity is now emerging at the front line of research in the
interdisciplinary field of Social Robotics. There are many
important lines of investigation within creativity and robotics.
Some include designing and developing robots that can integrate and
facilitate creativity in humans, solve problems creatively, provide
"out of the box" ideas, act curiously, and extend the human
potential by achieving tasks that neither the robot nor the human
could do alone. 

This workshop aims to bring together these lines of investigation
and debate existing challenges under the research topic of
Creativity and Robotics. The 1st Creativity and Robotics workshop
will be a virtual workshop at ICSR 2020. Our goal is to explore the
creative potential a robot offers as well as
whether society will engage with such robots.

**Join us:** <br>
Please email us at **creativity.robotics@gmail.com** to request Zoom access to the
Workshop.


This workshop is endorsed by Frontiers via a new research topic on
"[Creativity and
Robotics](https://www.frontiersin.org/research-topics/14181/creativity-and-robotics}{``Creativity)" in Frontiers in Robotics and AI Journal launched by
the organizers of this proposed workshop.

<hr> 


# Program 

The (virtual) workshop will employ a variety of interactive tools such as
breakout rooms, word clouds, and polls to learn from our audience
on common themes, help our speakers better tailor their talks, and
generally enhance the experience for our audience.

We expect this workshop will benefit researchers by providing new networking
opportunities and, through our Frontiers research topic, fostering continued
research in this field.  The output of the workshop will be a short summary
paper containing the speakers' and audience's challenges for the future,
burning research questions and other remarks collected throughout.

<hr>

# Keynote 

We are excited to announce that **Professor Todd Lubart** will be our keynote
speaker for the workshop.

## "The 7Cs of Creativity for Humans and Robots" 

Creativity from a psychological perspective refers to the ability to generate
new, original ideas that have meaning and value in their context.  Research
during the past century will be overview based on the 7Cs conception:  Creators
(individual characteristics), Creating (the process) , Collaboration (dyads or
teams), Context, Creations (productions), Consumption (adoption of creative
ideas), and Curricula ( learning to be creative).  In the context of the 7Cs,
the interest of social robots for creativity is then explored. 

**Todd Lubart** is Professor at the Université de Paris  (formerly Paris Descartes)
where he directed the activity of the Laboratoire Adaptations Travail Individu
(LATI). He is the president of [ISSCI](https://issci.online/), a non-profit,
international society for the scientific study of creativity and innovation,
He earned his PhD from Yale University in 1994 under the supervision of Robert
Sternberg and soon after that moved to the University of Paris Descartes where
he became an Assistant Professor in 1995 and then Professor of Psychology in 2002. 

He was a member of the Institut Universitaire de France (2005-2010). His work
on creativity is extensive and includes approximately 200 publications,
articles, books and book chapters covering various aspects of the phenomenon:
creative process, individual differences, role of cognition and emotion,
environmental and cultural factors, etc. His current work develops a
multivariate approach to creativity.

<!--
{% for p in site.data.speakers %}
{% capture id %}{{ p[0] }}{% endcapture %} {% include profile.html p=p %}
{% endfor %}
-->

# Organizers

<div class="container" style=
"margin-top: 25px;margin-bottom: 40px;">
  <div class="row">
    {% for p in site.data.organizers %} {% capture id %}{{ p[0]
    }}{% endcapture %} {% include profile.html p=p %} {% endfor %}
  </div>
</div>

<hr>
